9
9
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false true -9 0 true 0 false
false false true -9 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false true -13 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false true -17 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false true -3 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
true false false 0 0 false 0 false
true false false 0 0 false 0 false
true false false 0 0 false 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
false false true -6 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
true false false 1 1 false 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false true -16 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false true -3 0 true 0 false
true true false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false true -14 0 true 0 false
false false true -16 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
false false false 0 0 true 0 false
0
1
-1
0
0
0
1
0
